>> Sean Larkin: Are you feeling confident?
I should expect to see a bunch of
custom plugins and loaders created.
I'll hand you one more resource
that I think is valuable, so
if you go to my githubs,
so github.com/thelarkinn.
I have just updated to
webpack 4 a little side
project I used called the web
Webpack Developer Kit.
So [COUGH] essentially,
>> Sean Larkin: What this allows you
to do is if we look at this project.
All right, so what you would do is you'd
clone it, download the dependencies.
I'm just gonna open it locally so
you can get a taste of what it looks like.
So you're gonna see a bunch of
strange js docs and things like that.
You can ignore them.
They're really there for,
if you're using VS code and
you get really great code IntelliSense,
right?
So what this does is this allow,
like I basically have like this
setup project using Web Pack
in a very primitive example.
And I have all the pieces setup needed or
let's say if you wanted to
abstract stuff or whatnot.
But it's basically just a little kit
that allows you to work on plugins and
custom loaders, right, or
any custom integration.
And so that way, it's using the latest
API, the new hooks, things like that.
In addition, like I have already set up,
the resolveLoader and
the alias so you can write a customLoader.
And so it's for you to literally explore
and what's great is if you're using VS
code, like I've added
the right type annotations so
now it actually pulls hooks
if you wanna see them.
So as you're writing, you can get
all this data available to you.
And as we continue to add type annotations
in our source code, you'll actually start
to being able to see instantly, it's
the same hook but what is passed to it.
Like right now it says any,
any, any, it will actually say chunks,
whatever, whatever.
And you'll get the type annotations for
that too because every instance
we're gonna add types too.
So I think this is super valuable.
It allows you to experiment, to explore,
and hopefully, it's helpful.
I even have the commented out all
of webpack, like here is memory fs.
Here's webpack sources which is
when any source is collected,
we create this object called webpacks,
like a sources object, and we encapsulate
into a single module how we do source
mapping and it's in webpack sources.
And I guess source map list but that's
not relevant, and even the resolver.
So I created this so that you could
at a whim try and extend anything,
break it, have a nuclear meltdown and
you're just in a nice little project
that's easy to experiment with.
So I recommend cloning it or
forking it at the least, and
just giving it a go and playing with it.
So yeah, are there any other questions?
I think that's really about it.
There is so much more to learn, and
I'll have all the slides linked and
just like this last slide literally says,
you literally just learned how
webpack works entirely under the hood.
There's nothing more to it really.
From a high level all we do
is we just resolve files, and
then tie everything up together
in a single dependency graph.
But that's the power that lets you do
things, like incremental building and
all the abstractions that we've given for
our plug in system.
The architecture that we've created
allows us to instantly pivot and
add any feature that we want.
So we're able to develop really quickly.
We're able to publish changes really fast.
And we're even able to support
new module types like Wazam and
JSON where you can have JSON tree shaking,
just by importing a JSON file.
And there's just so many other things.
So if you have questions,
you can always find me on Twitter.
My DMs get kind of filled up but
I try and respond as quick as possible.
I always promise I will
eventually respond.
So I can tell you that.
So thank you guys very much.
>> Class: [APPLAUSE]